REGULAR THURSDAY
,JULY ONE 23 ROLL CALL PAUL
DARLING ROBERT HART HERE HE
FLAT HERE, DAVID BERNSTORFF
HERE KEVIN COX STAFF MICHAEL
REDMEN HERE.
MIKE LEMIEUX HERE, JOHN RISER
BILL AND MYSELF
DEBORAH WILLIAMS WE HAVE A
QUORUM FOR THE COMMENTARY
GENERAL HERE WE'RE MAKING
PUBLIC COMMENT KNOW DILIBERTO
THERE'S NO ONE IN THE WAITING
ROOM.
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS THE
AGENDA MOVE TO APPROVE THE
SECOND I HAVE THE MINUTES FROM
MAY 20 50 THAT WE NEEDED ANY
COMMENTS ON IN THAT
?
CAN WE HAVE MOTION TO APPROVE
THE MINUTES SECOND WHICH IS
THERE I APPROVED APPEALS
ACTUALLY HEARING WE HAVE THE
FIRST APPEAL ON THE AGENDA IS
TWENTY THREE OH TWENTY THREE
TWELVE SIXTEEN FROM AT ELEVEN
HUNDRED BROADWAY STREET AND OUR
MICHIGAN AND WE HAVE AFRICAN
FOR THIS FIRST PART OF STEP
RECOMMENDED THIS APPLICATION BE
DENIED AS IT DOES NOT MEET THE
STANDARDS OF THE BUILDING
LOCATED ELEVEN HUNDRED BROADWAY
REQUIRES AN EMERGENCY BACKUP
GENERATOR GENERATOR TO BE
INSTALLED PER SECTION FOUR
OF THREE OF THE TWENTY FIFTEEN
MICHIGAN BUILDING CODE .
THE PETITIONER IS REQUESTING TO
CONNECT THE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY
BACKUP GENERATOR INTO THE
PORTABLE GENERATOR CABINET
INTENDED FOR USE WHEN THE MAIN
PERMANENT GENERATOR REQUIRES
SERVICE.
BY DOING SO THEY ELIMINATE THE
CODE REQUIRED CONNECTION POINT
LISTED IN ARTICLE SEVEN HUNDRED
POINT THREE F TEMPORARY SOURCE
OF POWER FOR MAINTENANCE OR
REPAIR OF THE ALTERNATE SOURCE
OF POWER IN THIS CONFIGURATION
IF MAINTENANCE WERE REQUIRED
THE EMERGENCY GENERATOR THERE
WOULD NOT BE A LOCATION TO
CONNECT A TEMPORARY GENERATOR
WHICH MAKES THIS CONFIGURATION
LESS THAN EQUIVALENT TO THE
CODE REQUIREMENTS THIS IS BEING
PROPOSED TO OBTAIN TEMPORARY
CERTIFICATES OF OCCUPANCY FOR
THE FIRST TWO FLOORS WHILE
WAITING FOR THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR TO BE DELIVERED
DURING THE UPPER THREE FLOORS
OF THE BUILDING.
WE GET VARYING DEGREES
OF COMPLETION AND STILL
UNDERGOING CONSTRUCTION AT THE
DIFFERENT LEVELS.
I'D LIKE TO ADD A RECENT UPDATE
BASED ON CURRENT INSPECTIONS,
THE PROJECT IS MOVED FORWARD
WITH CONNECTING THE PORTABLE
GENERATOR TO THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR LUGS AT THE
INSPECTION CONDUCTED SEVEN
EIGHTEEN TWENTY TWENTY THREE
THE GENERATOR CONNECTION TO THE
PERMANENT EMERGENCY GENERATOR
WAS APPROVED AND INSPECTION
PERFORM SEVEN TWENTY POINT
TWENTY THREE THE REMOTE
GENERATOR ENUNCIATOR PANEL IS
NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE MOBILE
GENERATOR THAT WAS INSTALLED AS
OF SEVEN TWENTY NO LOAD TESTING
OF THE GENERATOR HAD BEEN
CONDUCTED THE REMOTE GENERATOR
ENUNCIATORS A REQUIRED ELEMENT
OF THE EMERGENCY BACKUP
GENERATOR.
BUT WHAT'S GONE ON WITH THE
STAFF REPORT THAT'S GREAT.
SO CAN I ASK A QUICK QUESTION?
DOES THAT CHANGE YOUR POSITION
ON THE RECOMMENDATION?
IT DOES NOT.
OK, SO CAN I ASK A QUESTION AS
WELL?
I WANT TO MAKE SURE I
UNDERSTAND WHAT'S SO WE'VE GOT
TWO PANELS CORRECT.
ONE DESIGN FOR THE PERMANENT
ONE ON ONE DESIGN FOR A
TEMPORARY EMERGENCY
RECONNECTION.
OK, SO WE'VE GOT A TEMPORARY
GENERATOR CONNECTED TO THE
PERMANENT PANEL RIGHT NOW.
CORRECT.
BUT NOTHING CONNECTED TO THE
EMERGENCY AND THE EMERGENCY
GENERATOR CANNOT CONNECT TO
THAT PANEL.
THERE'S SOME CAPACITY ABILITY
SO THE WAY THAT THEY MOVED
FORWARD IS DIFFERENT THAN WHAT
THE APPEAL IS.
THE WAY THEY MOVED FORWARD WAS
THEY HAVE THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR HOOKED UP IN THE
PERMANENT LOCATION.
OK, THE CONNECTION OF THE
ACTUAL CONNECTIONS HAVE BEEN
INSPECTED AND APPROVED IN THIS
CONFIGURATION.
IT WOULD LEAVE THE THAT
ESSENTIALLY ESSENTIALLY
AUXILIARY PANEL ACCESSIBLE IF
THE ONE IN THE PERMANENT
POSITION NEEDED SERVICING.
OK, AND THAT'S THE CURRENT
CONFIGURATION IN ITS CURRENT
CONFIGURATION HASN'T HAD LOAD
TESTING AND THERE'S AN ISSUE
WITH THE ENUNCIATOR PANEL
THAT'S ON SITE.
BUT AS FAR AS LOCATION AND
CONNECTION, THE WAY IT SITS NOW
IS AS THOUGH IT WERE THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR.
OK, SO PRESUMABLY WHEN THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR ARRIVED
THEY WOULD CONNECT A TEMPORARY
GENERATOR ON THE TEMPORARY
PANEL, TAKE THE EXISTING
TEMPORARY ONE OUT AND PUT THE
NEW PERMANENT ON EXACTLY WHERE
THAT'S GOING TO.
ALL RIGHT.
WE HAVE OUR AFRICAN VERSION
ALSO WE MAKE A PARTICULAR CASE
HERE WHAT THEY'RE ASKING
YES.
THIS IS WHY IS IT MY TURN TO
SPEAK?
YEAH, YES.
OK, SO I'M RIGHT NOW I'M A
PRINCIPAL MORNINGSIDE OR THE
DEVELOPER OF ELEVEN HUNDRED
BROADWAY AND I'M ON MY PROJECT.
I'M JOINED TODAY BY ERIC STEIN
,PRINCIPAL WITH THE
ENGINEERING STUDIO THERE THE
PROJECT ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
AND ALSO THE PHONE NUMBER USED
TO BE EIGHT FOUR.
THAT'S MY COLLEAGUE CARL
THOMAS, THE SENIOR PROJECT
MANAGER WHO IS OVERSEEING THE
PROJECT SITE.
WE WANT TO THANK YOU FOR THE
OPPORTUNITY TO TALK TO US TODAY
.
I'D LIKE TO JUST QUICKLY
CLARIFY THE DISCUSSION ON THE
GENERATOR AND POTENTIALLY
CONNECTED IN A COUPLE OF WAYS.
IT'S JUST IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO
TALK ABOUT THE TERMS OF THE
REQUEST THAT WE'RE MAKING
AVAILABLE.
IF YOU INDULGE ME, I HAVE A FEW
COMMENTS EXPLAINING OUR
POSITION.
OF COURSE.
ARE YOU HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS?
YEAH.
SO THE PROBLEM WE HAVE REASON
TO APPEAL IS STRAIGHTFORWARD
WITH PERMANENT GENERAL IS
DELAYED DUE TO THE SUPPLY
OF SUPPLY DISRUPTION.
THE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM WE
HAVE PROPOSED IS TO UTILIZE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR ON AN
INTERIM BASIS UNTIL A PERMANENT
GENERATOR WHICH IS IN THE
PROCESS OF BEING PROCURED IS
DELIVERED IN THE STORE AND I
WANT TO MAKE IT CRYSTAL CLEAR
THAT WE ARE IN NO WAY PROPOSING
TO ELIMINATE A PERMANENT
GENERATOR JUST AS WE JUST NEED
TO GET IT TO THE SITE RIGHT NOW
THE CODE ELECTRICAL CODE DC
ALREADY REQUIRES THAT WE WE
INSTALL A CABINET TO FACILITATE
CONNECTION OF A TEMPORARY
GENERATOR.
IT EFFECTIVELY MAKES THIS LIKE
EMPLOYEE INSTALLATION SO YOU
CAN BRING IT OUT TO THE SITE.
YOU WOULD PLUG IT IN SUCH A
QUICK SIMPLE INSTALLATION AND
THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN
INSTALLED.
SO WHAT WE ARE PROPOSING IS TO
CONNECT THE TEMPORARY GENERATOR
TO THAT CABINET AND THE BASE
OF OUR APPEAL IS THAT DOING SO
IT'S IT'S AN EQUIVALENT
INSTALLATION.
NOW THE CITY RESPONSE IS MIKE
MENTIONED THE STAFF REPORT IS
THAT IF MAINTENANCE WERE
REQUIRED THERE MAY NOT BE A
LOCATION TO THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR AND THAT'S THE BASIS
OF OF THEIR REJECTION OF OUR
SOLUTION.
I CANNOT WE VEHEMENTLY DISAGREE
WITH THIS WITH THIS POSITION.
I'D LIKE TO EXPLAIN WHY SO WHEN
SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE OF A TEMP
OF THE TEMPORARY GENERATOR
WOULD BE REQUIRED AND IN MY
VIEW MAINTENANCE ON THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR ISN'T
REQUIRED UNTIL THREE HUNDRED
THREE HUNDRED HOURS OF RUNTIME
TEMPORARY.
SO YOU'D BE WRONG IN THIS
BUSINESS WE THAT THAT AMOUNT
OF TIME IS YOU KNOW, IT'S IT'S
VAST
THE AMOUNT OF TIME SO SO
IT'S UNLIKELY THAT WE WOULD
REALLY GET TO MEET THE
SITUATION.
BUT FOR THE SAKE OF THIS
DISCUSSION, LET'S ASSUME WE DO
GET TO THAT POINT SOMEHOW AND
WHEN MAINTENANCE IS REQUIRED
THE WAY IT'S PERFORMED IS YOU
DON'T DISCONNECT THE GENERATOR.
THE PEOPLE WOULD COME TO IT AND
DURING THE MAINTENANCE THEY
THEY THEY MAY HAVE TO TURN THE
OFF AT TIMES SOME OF SOMETHING
LIKE THEY CAN DO IT'S PLUGGED
IN ON OTHER MAINTENANCE.
THEY NEED TO TURN IT.
BUT IF AND AGAIN THIS IS KIND
OF WHISKAS LIGHTING SITUATION
BUT IF SOMEBODY WAS OUT FOR
MAINTENANCE ON THE GENERATOR
AND IT WAS AT A POINT WHERE IT
WAS TURNED OFF AND AT THAT
EXACT MOMENT WE HAD AN
INTERRUPTION MORE POWER THAN
THE MAINTENANCE TO JUST STOP
IT'S TURNED BACK ON.
SO IT'S IT'S NOT A SITUATION
WITHOUT POWER AND ADDITION, IF
THERE WERE A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT
SITUATION OR LET'S SAY A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR REQUIRES
SOME KIND OF REPAIR SIMILAR TO
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR REQUIRE
REPAIR.
WELL, AND THAT SITUATION
REGARDLESS OF WHICH GENERATOR
NEEDED REPAIR, IT'S THE SAME
EXACT STEPS A CALL WAS MADE TO
SOMEONE ELSE AND WE HAVE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR DELIVERED
TO THE SITE.
IF THE PERMANENT WERE IN PLACE
YOU WOULD JUST BRING WE ALONG
WITH A TEMPORARY GENERATOR PLUG
IT IN IN CASE WE'RE PROPOSING
THEY WOULD BRING THE NEW
GENERATOR TO THE SITE SO IT'S
THE SAME EXACT AMOUNT OF TIME
TO GET TO THE SITE.
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS IS THAT
YOU WOULD HAVE ONE PLUG IN.
WE ALLOW THE EXISTING TEMPORARY
GENERATOR AND THEN WE'LL IN
EMPLOYMENT AND THAT'S THAT
PROCESS IS MEASURED IN MINUTES
.
SO I WOULD JUST I GUESS I WOULD
STOP THERE.
RIGHT.
THAT'S THAT'S HOW WE SEE IT
SEEMS PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
SO OUR REQUEST IS THAT YOU
GRANT OR APPEAL TO UTILIZE THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR ON THIS
INTERIM BASIS CONNECTED TO THE
CABINET THE PLUG IN UNTIL THE
PERMANENT GENERATORS INSTALL
THE BOARD.
HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ON THE
CABINET?
YEAH, I DO.
SO AT PRESENT THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR GENERATOR IS ACTUALLY
CONNECTED TO THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR CONNECTIONS.
ARE YOU GOING TO DISCONNECT IT
AND GO OVER TO THE TEMPORARY
PANEL?
YES.
WHAT AND AGAIN, I DON'T KNOW
THAT REALLY THAT'S GERMANE TO
TODAY'S DISCUSSION.
BUT I THINK SINCE YOU BROUGHT
WE WERE ATTEMPTING TO PROCEED
WITH THAT AS YOU LOOK AROUND
EVEN COMING TO THE BOARD
OF APPEALS BUT WITH THE
REQUIREMENTS THAT HAVE BEEN
LAID OUT BY BY THE BILLING
DEPARTMENT, WE CAN'T MEET THEIR
THEIR DEMAND FOR WHAT THEY NEED
TO DO.
THEY WANT SOME KIND OF EXACT
REPLICATION OF A PERMANENT
GENERATOR AND GOOD FAITH.
WE TRIED YOU KNOW, WE SPENT
MONEY AND TIME DOING THAT BUT
IT DOESN'T APPEAR THAT THAT'S
EVER GOING TO WORK.
SO SO THAT'S NOT WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT.
YOU WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT
GOING BACK TO OUR ORIGINAL
SOLUTION.
YOU USE A TEMPORARY PLUG INTO
FIGURATION.
ONE OF THE QUESTIONS WHEN YOU
HAVE THE PERMANENT GENERATOR IN
PLACE, WILL YOU ALSO HAVE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR ONSITE ALL
THE TIME?
NO, NO.
ONCE THE PERMANENT GENERATOR
COMES OUT IS INSTALL WE WILL
HAVE THAT IS A WILL HAVE THE
PLUG THE CABINET FOR THE PLUG
IN AND THEN THE EVENT THAT WE
NEED A TEMPORARY GENERATOR IT
WILL BE DELIVERED TO THE SITE
LIKE OK, WHAT POWERS IS THE
PORTABLE GENERATOR IS IT IS A
DIESEL BASED DIESEL
CONNECTIONAL LIKE THERE IT IS
IT IS DIESEL.
YES IT'S SO THAT WILL BE
CONNECTED TO A DIESEL TANK IS
THAT IT?
LET ME WHY DON'T TIME WANTING
ANSWERS TECHNICAL QUESTIONS TO
THE PORTABLE GENERATORS AND
TRAILER OK AND THE THE THE
BUILDING IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION
SO THERE'LL BE A SITUATES
VERSION WHERE A COUPLE
OF FLOORS MIGHT BE OCCUPIED BUT
CONSTRUCTION WILL BE CONTINUING
ON THE UPPER FLOORS ARE ALL THE
EMERGENCY SYSTEMS FOR THE UPPER
FLOORS IN PLACE AND FUNCTIONAL?
WELL, WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
WHAT IS THE RELEVANCE OF THAT
QUESTION TO THE QUESTION
OF WHETHER WE CAN USE THIS
TEMPORARY GENERATOR?
IT WOULD BE THE SAME ISSUE
WHETHER IT'S PERMANENT OR
TEMPORARY.
I DON'T SEE WHERE THAT'S PART
OF TODAY'S DISCUSSION.
I'M ASKING THE QUESTION COULD
YOU JUST ANSWER IT PLEASE?
I JUST LIKE TO KNOW IS THERE A
PROBLEM?
I DON'T WELL, WE DON'T MIND I
DON'T MIND ANSWERING IT.
I GUESS THE QUESTION IT GETS
INTO ANOTHER TOPIC THAT IS NOT
PART OF THE AGENDA TODAY THAT
COULD BE PERHAPS CONFUSING TO
THE ISSUE AT HAND.
I WE DON'T MEAN TO BE
ARGUMENTATIVE BUT THERE'S
THERE'S OTHER DISCUSSIONS THAT
ARE GOING ON THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT THAT OK, THE NEVER
MIND I'M EAGER TO TAKE ON THE
TEMPORARY GENERATORS THAT WOULD
BE REFILLED AND HOW IS THAT
MINE IF IT IS NOT CORRECT FOR
THE
SERVER BECAUSE IT'S A
SECOND IF I MONTBELLO AS A ONE
TIME ONE YOU KNOW
, RELATED
LIKE
ALL THE PARTIES IN YOUR FIELD
AND CORDILLO OVER 300 YOU WANT
TO THE THAT GUY OK SO YOU DON'T
EIGHTY HOUR TOP LEVEL OR WOULD
YOU BE TROUBLE WE GO TO THAT
PROBLEM HERE.
OK THANK YOU.
I THINK I GET SEE AT SOME POINT
WE HAVE LIKE WHAT IS THE
PRIMARY WHAT DOES THE GENERATOR
PRIMARILY POWER I PRESUME IT'S
SET TO POWER THE WHOLE BUILDING
SO THERE'S MUST BE JUST SOME
SPRINKLER SYSTEMS PRIMARILY AND
SOME EMERGENCY LIGHTS.
I CAN TAKE A SHOT AT IF YOU
LIKE IT REAL QUICKLY IN AN AREA
YOU CAN DO IT CORRECTLY TO INTO
THE SOURCE OF POWER FOR THE
FIRE FIREFIGHTER AND THEN YOU
WOULD CALL THE TOTAL OF 155 FOR
VETERAN TYPE PANEL.
THOSE CIRCUITS ARE EMERGENCY
LIGHTING ELEVATOR I THINK SAID
SO MOST OF THE LOW LIGHT THAT
THE LIGHTING WOULD BE TYPICAL
LIGHTING IN THE CORRIDOR IT
DOES NOT TO THE APARTMENT
BECAUSE EFFECTIVELY OR BREAKER
PANEL IF ANYTHING AND IF YOU
LIKE MORE THAN THAT'S GOOD
ENOUGH FOR ME NOW THE CITY
MENTIONED LIGHTS AND TESTING
STILL NEEDS TO BE DONE LOAD
TESTING AND SUCH.
THAT'S CORRECT.
AND I WOULD LIKE TO ADD TO THAT
ANY CONNECTION OF THE GENERATOR
WOULD NEED TO MEET THE
CODE MINIMUMS FOR LIFE SAFETY
BE THAT THE ANNUNCIATING PANEL
THAT YOU KNOW ISN'T CURRENTLY
LIKE THOSE TYPES OF THINGS WILL
HAVE TO BE IN PLACE AND I DON'T
THINK I DON'T I DON'T KNOW THAT
PART OF THE APPEAL WAS TO NOT
HAVE THOSE IN PLACE LIKE
SOMETHING THAT RON SAID THAT
STRUCK ME IS THAT WE WERE
REQUESTING THINGS THAT WERE
UNREASONABLE.
AS FOR A TEMPORARY GENERATOR,
THERE ARE CERTAIN FUNCTIONS
THAT THAT HAS TO PERFORM TO
KEEP ALL OF THE LIFE SAFETY
ELEMENTS THAT ARE REQUIRED
ONLINE.
SO I DON'T I DON'T BELIEVE THAT
THIS IS APPEAL FOR ANY OF THOSE
IN SAYING THAT I BELIEVE THAT
THE TEMPORARY GENERATOR NEEDS
TO BE HOOKED UP IN A WAY THAT
IT FUNCTIONS EXACTLY THE SAME
WAY AS THE PERMANENT GENERATORS
ARE INTENDED TO BECAUSE IT IS
INTENDED FOR LIFE SAFETY
PURPOSES.
SO WE ARE LIKE THE GO AHEAD
TIME WE COULD START.
BUT I WANT TO JUST BEFORE YOU
SAY THAT LIKE THIS IS A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR, IT'S NOT
INTENDED
TO BE A PERMANENT
INSTALLATION.
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR WOULD
COME THIS IS AN INTERIM PERIOD.
THIS TEMPORARY GENERATOR WILL
FUNCTION JUST AS IT IS DESIGNED
TO TO TO TO AT THAT'S THE WHOLE
POINT IS THAT IT'S NOT
PERMANENT.
WE'RE NOT TRYING TO MAKE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR PERMANENT.
WE WERE TRYING A GOOD FAITH TO
DO THAT BY TAKING THIS
REFRIGERATOR TEMPORARY
GENERATOR YOU'RE MAKING CHANGES
TO ITS WIRING AT ALL, BY THE
WAY, THAT IT TYPICALLY ISN'T
USED TO TRY DENHA ACCEPTANCE
AND IT'S BECOME I THINK CLEAR
TO US THAT WE'RE NOT GOING TO
BE ABLE TO DO THAT IF THE
CODE DOES NOT REQUIRE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR.
WE CONNECTED THAT WAY IF WE
WANT TO ADD TO THAT THAT YOU'RE
GOING TO YOU ARE AWARE OF THE
KIND OF THE GUY YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR WITH OUR CONTRACTOR IN MY
GENERATOR MORTIFIED TO EXPEDITE
THE GENERATOR AND IMMEDIATELY
THAT WILL WOULD EVENTUALLY AND
WILL EVENTUALLY BE CONNECTED
PERMANENT COMING TOGETHER.
WE ARE COMING TO BREAK IT UP
AND THEN THEY CAN BRING IT TO
THE JOB SO THAT WE COULD
ATTEMPT TO USE THAT GENERATOR
PORTABLE GENERATOR AND WE'LL
HAVE A PERMANENT GENERATOR AS A
WORKER LIKE AND WE PROVED TODAY
THAT WE CAN OPERATE THE
GENERATOR.
BUT YOU KNOW, WOULDN'T THAT BE
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR IN A
WAY THAT THE PORTABLE GENERATOR
DOES NOT SUGGEST THAT I CAN PAY
FOR IT?
SO WHAT POINT I'M TRYING TO
MAKE THIS MORNING RECENTLY AND
TODAY AS REQUESTED TO USE THE
PORTABLE GENERATOR AND WE'LL
USE THE PORTABLE HAVE IT IN
THAT CONFIGURATION THE GENERAL
BECAUSE IT GOES WITH THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR NOT
SEPARATE GENERATOR BUT BUT
CERTAINLY ANNUNCIATING KIND
ISN'T THE BASIC CODE SAY THAT
THERE HAS TO BE ANNUNCIATION
OF THE EMERGENCY GENERATOR
KICKS ON RIGHT.
THAT'S MY UNDERSTANDING.
I MEAN THAT'S WHAT THE
COMMITTEE SAYS SO THAT I MEAN
THIS SEEMS LIKE I DON'T KNOW ON
ONE HAND IT'S SAYING THAT THE
TEMPORARY IS GOING TO BE
FUNCTIONING EXACTLY AS THE AS A
PERMANENT AS AN INTERIM METHOD
BUT IT'S NOT REALLY SO IMPROPER
.
ROBERT, CAN I CAN I SPEAK TO I
WANT TO ADDRESS YOUR POINT
BECAUSE I UNDERSTAND WHAT
YOU'RE SAYING.
YEAH.
BUT LET ME GIVE AN EXAMPLE TO
KIND OF EXPLAIN WHAT'S
HAPPENED.
LET'S SAY FOR EXAMPLE, THAT WE
WEREN'T HERE.
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR CAME
WHAT IT WAS SUPPOSED TO AND WAS
INSTALLED WHEN WE GOT OUR
T.S.A. AND THEN LET'S SAY TWO
DAYS LATER THE THING TURNS OUT
TO BE A LEMON AND IT DOESN'T
WORK IN THAT CASE WE WOULD
ORDER A TEMPORARY GENERATOR,
PLUG IT IN AS IS PROVIDED FOR
AND IT WOULD RUN UNTIL WE HAVE
A PERMANENT GENERATOR REPAIRED,
REPLACED OR WHATEVER THE CASE
MAY BE.
THERE WOULD BE NO ENUNCIATOR
PANEL CONNECTED TO THAT.
THAT'S THE POINT.
THE CODE DOESN'T REQUIRE IT.
SO THAT SITUATION IS ALREADY
CONTEMPLATED AS HAPPENED IN
AMERICA.
SPEAK TO THE I'M NO EXPERT ON
THE CODE BUT I DO UNDERSTAND
THAT PROVISIONS IT'S BEEN
EXPLAINED THERE IS NOTHING IN
THE NSA THAT LIMITS THE AMOUNT
TYING THE TEMPORARY GENERATOR
CAN RUN AND THAT SCENARIO THAT
I JUST OUTLINED.
OBVIOUSLY YOU WANT TO FIX THIS
AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE BUT THE
GOAL IS NOT TO CONTINUE TO RUN
OUT AT ANY SECOND LONGER THAN
YOU HAVE TO.
BUT I'M I'M JUST SAYING IT
DOESN'T IT'S VERY SPECIFIC.
IT DOESN'T REQUIRE THE SAME
SORT OF CONNECTIONS AND
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE TEMPORARY
AS IT DOES FOR A PERMANENT AND
THE REASON AGAIN TO JUST KIND
OF GO WAY BACK TO THE
BEGINNING.
THE ONLY REASON WE'RE HERE IS
WE ARE NOW IN A YOU KNOW, IT'S
IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN DISRUPTION
DUE TO THE PANDEMIC.
SO WE ARE ACTIVELY WORKING WITH
AND AFTER ALL THE WORK.
IT'S A CUMMINS GENERATOR AND WE
WERE ACTIVELY WORKING WITH
COMPANIES AND THE ELECTRICAL
CONTRACTOR TO GET THAT
GENERATOR OUT AS QUICKLY AS WE
CAN AND WE'RE PUSHING VERY HARD
OR DOING EVERYTHING WE CAN TO
EXPEDITE IT TO MINIMIZE THE
TIME FRAME TIME FRAME THAT MIKE
MENTIONED IN HIS STAFF REPORT
IS MEANT TO BE CONSERVATIVE.
WE CERTAINLY HOPE TO HAVE
CONNECTED BEFORE THEN BUT I
CAN'T GUARANTEE IT.
BUT WE TRIED TO BE CONSERVATIVE
THE TIME FRAME THAT WE PUT OUT.
SO THAT'S I THINK THAT THAT'S A
KEY DISTINCTION THAT GETS
CONFUSING BECAUSE YOU AND I
FORGIVE YOU.
YOU ARE PROBABLY NOT AWARE
OF THIS ISSUE AND SO YOU SAW
THE STAFF REPORTER ASK A FEW
QUESTIONS OF EACH OTHER BUT
THIS THIS ATTEMPT TO TO CONNECT
A TEMPORARY GENERATOR TO THE
BUILDING AND MAKE IT QUOTE
UNQUOTE PERMANENT WAS REALLY
JUST TO WORK AROUND TO TRY TO
SOLVE THE PROBLEM IN GOOD
FAITH.
WE DID IT.
WE WEREN'T SURE IT WAS A GREAT
IDEA.
IT STARTED OUT BY SAYING THEY
MAKE IT PERMANENT AND THEN IT
SEEMED LIKE, YOU KNOW, EVERY
DAY EVERY WEEK THERE WERE MORE
OR MORE PARTS TO MAKE IT NOT
JUST, YOU KNOW, EQUIVALENT BUT
NOW IT HAD TO BE EXACTLY THE
SAME TO MAKE IT PERMANENT THAT
WE CAN'T SATISFY EVERY ONE
OF THOSE REQUIREMENTS.
WE'VE BEEN TRYING GOOD FAITH
AND WE CAN GET IT MOST OF THE
WAY THERE.
BUT THERE ARE THINGS THAT WE
JUST CAN'T MAKE HAPPEN BECAUSE
IT IS BY DEFINITION TEMPORARY
SO.
SO ALL THOSE THINGS ABOUT ALL
YOU HAVE TO MAKE THIS GENERATOR
ABOUT IS PERMANENT FEATURES.
THEY THEY'RE NOT GERMANE TO
THIS NOTION THAT WE USE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR ON AN
INTERIM BASIS.
I UNDERSTAND THAT.
BUT THAT'S NOT I MEAN THE
CONVERSATION WASN'T REALLY
GOING THAT WAY.
IT WAS SUGGESTING THAT THERE
WAS AN EQUIVALENCY OF THE
PORTABLE FUNCTIONING LIKE THE
PERMANENT AND THERE'S A SECTION
IN THE CODE THAT WAS THE NSC
THAT WAS IN OUR PACKET THAT
BASICALLY SEEMS TO INDICATE
THAT IF THE PERMANENT GENERATOR
IS DISCONNECTED FROM THE
EMERGENCY SYSTEM THAT THEY'RE
THERE VIA AN ANNUNCIATION AT A
LOCATION REMOTE FROM THE
GENERATOR.
I GUESS I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
THAT'S SO HARD TO ACCOMPLISH.
WELL, WHAT DOES THE UNION
STATION COUNT IT IT IT LETS YOU
KNOW THAT THERE IS AN EMERGENCY
SITUATION AND IS IT ALL OVER
THE BUILDING OR.
WELL IT IS AN INTERCOM SYSTEM
ALL OVER THE BUILDING DEPENDING
THE WAY I UNDERSTAND IT THERE
ARE SEVERAL KINDS BUT IT CAN
ALSO TELL YOU EXACTLY WHERE
THERE'S WHERE THE PROBLEM IS.
YOU KNOW, IF IT'S A PROBLEM AT
A PARTICULAR SMOKE DETECTOR OR
SOME OTHER DEVICE, IT'S BEING
MONITORED.
THAT'S PART OF THE EMERGENCY
SYSTEM.
SO IF THERE'S A GLITCH IN THIS
SOMEHOW THE CIRCUITRY BETWEEN
THE EMERGENCY GENERATOR AND THE
EMERGENCY GENERATOR TO LET YOU
KNOW THAT THERE'S THAT THERE'S
A PROBLEM.
SO I WOULD IT BE OK IF YOU'RE
ECKSTINE AND ELECTRICAL
ENGINEER SPEAK TO THIS CONCERN
MORE NOW COULD YOU PLEASE
ADDRESS THIS AND CORRECT
ANYTHING THAT MAY BE CORRECTLY
STATED BY ME, PLEASE?
YES, YES.
SO I UNDERSTAND THE CONCERN
ABOUT THE STATION.
SO I WAS TO THE CODE SECTION
THAT'S IMPACTED.
IT'S SEVEN HUNDRED GOT THREE F
AND THAT IS FIVE RIGHT WHERE IT
SAYS THE SWITCHES SHOW A THE
CONTACT POINT THAT SHAMANSKY A
NOTE FROM THE GENERATOR OR
ANOTHER FACILITY THE SYSTEM TO
INDICATE A PERMANENT EMERGENCY
SERVICES DISCONNECT FROM THE SO
THAT THE CODE REQUIREMENTS FOR
ANNUNCIATION IS SIMPLY TO SAY
THAT WE'RE USING A TEMPORARY
GENERATOR RATHER THAN A
PERMANENT GENERATOR AND THAT IS
TYPICALLY ACCOMPLISHED AT THE
PORTABLE GENERATOR CONNECTION
CABINET.
IT'S ESSENTIALLY SAYING WE'RE
USING THE TEMPORARY CONNECTORS
,NOT THE PERMANENT MEMBERS AND
THAT'S WHAT THE WIRES IT'S IT
SHOULD NOT BE CONFUSED WITH A
TYPICAL GENERATOR AND C THE
CANON WHICH FOR PERMANENT
INSTALLATION WHICH WOULD BE
CONNECTED TO THE GENERATOR AND
WE'VE REPORT MANY ADDITIONAL
PIECES OF INFORMATION FOR
GENERAL.
SO WHAT I BELIEVE IS THAT
MORNING SIGNALS TRYING TO
ACCOMPLISH PREVIOUSLY WAS TO
GET THE REGULAR PERMANENT MODEM
AND SEE THE PANEL CONNECTED TO
THE TEMPORARY GENERATOR.
IT CAN MONITOR ALL SORTS
OF FUNCTIONS BUT THAT'S NOT
WHAT THIS CONCEPTION REQUIRES.
IT'S SIMPLY SAYING WE'RE ON
TEMPORARY JOB.
WE'RE NOT ON THE GENERATORS.
AND SO IN THIS CASE, ONCE THAT
PORTABLE CABINETS IS MANUALLY
TRANSFERRED TO THE TEMPORARY
SIDE, THERE WILL BE A CONTACT
IN THAT CABINET AND AND THEN
LOCALLY THAT WE'LL BE USING THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR
COMING
OF THAT
COMING.
I DON'T BUT WE ALSO HAVE JOHN
LUCHT, OUR ELECTRICAL INSPECTOR
HERE.
IF WE HAVE MORE SPECIFIC
QUESTIONS, HE'S MORE
KNOWLEDGEABLE THAN I AM ON
ELECTRICAL CODE REQUIREMENTS.
SO IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS WE CAN
DIRECT TO HIM
THE FIRE
DEPARTMENT EXCUSE ME I ACTUALLY
DO HAVE A COMMENT ON THIS AS
THE FIRE MARSHAL.
SO YOUR INTENTION AND I WANT TO
KIND OF WORK OFF YOUR STATEMENT
HERE YOU WANT TO PUT A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR IN THAT'S
GOING TO POWER LIFE SAFETY
SYSTEMS AND YOU'RE DOING THIS
FOR THE INTENT TO OCCUPY A
BUILDING.
SO IN MY MIND YOU WANT TO TAKE
AN EMERGENCY SITUATION TO
OCCUPY A BUILDING.
TO ME IT'S APPLES TO ORANGES.
IF YOU HAVE A PERMANENT
GENERATOR AND YOU'RE ALREADY AN
OCCUPIED BUILDING THAT HAS ITS
CAPACITY AND THEN YOU HAVE AN
EMERGENCY, IT REQUIRES A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR THEN THAT'S
WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO.
WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO IS
CREATE AN EMERGENCY SITUATION
TO OCCUPY A BUILDING.
MICHAEL, I.
I I AGREE WITH MUCH OF WHAT YOU
JUST SAID WHERE I WOULD DIFFER
WITH YOU IS WE'RE NOT TRYING TO
WE'RE NOT TRYING TO DO THIS.
WHAT WE'RE WHAT WE'RE DOING IS
WE'RE TRYING TO SOLVE A PROBLEM
WHICH IS THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR IS JUST NOT YET
AVAILABLE TO THE SITE.
AND THIS IS A PROJECT IT'S YOU
KNOW, SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES
ABOUND IN CONSTRUCTION AND
WE'RE TRYING TO FIND A SOLUTION
TO THIS ONE.
SO WE'RE TRYING TO REMEDY A
PROBLEM.
WE'RE NOT TRYING TO ELIMINATE
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR IF
WE'RE UPDOS WE HAVE A PERMANENT
GENERATOR INSTALLED.
BUT I UNDERSTAND YOU SAID WELL,
YOU KNOW, AS LONG AS THE
PERMANENT INSTALLED ALREADY YOU
KNOW, THAT'S THAT'S THE NEXT
THING YOU DO.
YOU KNOW, YOU RELY ON THE
TEMPORARY WE'RE SAYING WELL WE
JUST DON'T HAVE THE TIME.
WE DON'T HAVE THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR.
WE CAN'T GET IT QUICKLY ENOUGH
.
AND SO WE WOULD LIKE TO USE THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR THE SAME
WAY WE USED LIKE IN MY
EXPLANATION IS TWO DAYS AFTER
WE START THE THING NO LONGER
WORKS.
SO IN THAT SENSE IT'S
EQUIVALENT BECAUSE IN EITHER
SITUATION YOU'RE RUNNING OFF A
A TEMPORARY GENERATOR NOW IT'S
IT'S NOT EQUIVALENT IN THE
SENSE THAT IN ONE SCENARIO THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR FUNCTIONS
AT LEAST FOR FOR SOME PERIOD
OF TIME WHETHER IT'S A DAY OR
LONGER.
AND IN THE OTHER SCENARIO WE'RE
STARTING OUT WITH A TEMPORARY
GENERATOR BEFORE THE PERMANENT
COMES.
BUT IT'S OTHERWISE IT PERFORMS
THE SAME IT'S THE SAME
REQUIREMENTS FOR FOR THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR.
AND I DISAGREE WITH YOU BECAUSE
YOU'RE TRYING TO IF IF THE
BUILDING WAS ALREADY OCCUPIED
UNDER A PERMANENT GENERATOR AND
IT FAILED, YOU WOULD USE A
TEMPORARY BUT YOU'RE ALREADY
STARTING OFF WITH A SHORTCOMING
OF CODE COMPLIANCE TO TRY AND
OCCUPY A BUILDING.
RIGHT.
BUT THE DISTINCTION IS IS THAT
WE'RE NOT PROPOSING THIS TO GET
AWAY WITH ANYTHING WE'RE NOT
PROPOSING JUST TO MAKE SOME
EASIER.
WE'RE PROPOSING IT BECAUSE WE
ARE CAUGHT UP IN A SUPPLY
DISRUPTION AND WITHOUT DOING
THIS THEN THE BUILDING CAN'T BE
OCCUPIED.
SO WE'RE TRYING TO WE'RE TRYING
TO REMEDY A SITUATION THAT
WOULD HAVE VERY SIGNIFICANT
CONSEQUENCES, NEGATIVE
CONSEQUENCES FOR ALL THE
PARTIES INVOLVED.
AND AGAIN, WE DON'T KNOW HOW
LONG THE GENERATOR COULD GO IN
.
IT'S A DAY LATER WE'RE MAKING
THE SWITCH.
I MEAN IT'S IT'S IT'S KIND OF A
WE'RE GETTING CAUGHT UP IN A
BIT OF NUANCE.
OBVIOUSLY WE BETTER BE A
PERMANENT GENERATOR INSTALLED
PERIOD.
THAT'S WHAT WE ALL WOULD LIKE.
BUT WE EXPLAINED THAT THE
REASON THAT WE DON'T HAVE IT
WHICH I EXPECT THE PERMANENT
GENERATOR TO BE AVAILABLE SO IT
WHAT WE'VE COMMUNICATED TO THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT IS THAT WE
WOULD EXPECT IT TO BE INSTALLED
AND FUNCTIONING, TEST TESTED
EVERYTHING ELSE IN
OCTOBER WHICH MEANS THAT WOULD
EXPECT THE DELIVERY IN THE
LATER PART OF SEPTEMBER.
WE BELIEVE THAT THAT IS A
CONSERVATIVE ESTIMATE.
I CAN'T GUARANTEE YOU KNOW,
OBVIOUSLY WE'D LIKE TO
OUTPERFORM IT.
WE'RE NOT GOING TO COME IN A
YOU KNOW, PROPOSE A DATE THAT
WE KNOW WOULD BE WRONG AND
LATER WOULD REALLY PROPOSE A
DATE, YOU KNOW, COME IN EARLY
WHICH YOU NEVER EVER PREFER
THAT.
SO WE'RE HOPING THAT'S THE CASE
THEN WE ARE IN CONSTANT
COMMUNICATIONS WITH CUMMINS AND
THE ELECTRICAL CONTRACTOR TO
YOU KNOW, TO EXPEDITE ANYTHING
WE CAN POSSIBLY DO TO EXPEDITE
AND MAKE THAT HAPPEN.
SO THIS IS A THIS IS INTENDED
TO BE A VERY SHORT RANGE
OR
THAT
MR. MUKAI.
OK,
AND THE OTHER PARTICIPANTS
HERE IS I CAN HEAR YOU AGAIN
BUT I LOST YOU FOR ABOUT A
MINUTE BUT RIGHT.
I DIDN'T REALLY HEAR THAT MR.
MITCHELL HAS GONE OFFLINE
WHICH
IS AGAIN I'M SORRY MY
COLLEAGUES BACK IS OK WITH A
COUPLE OF MINUTES
SO IF YOU CAN
HEAR ME RIGHT IS TRYING TO
RECONNECT MY SLEEP A LITTLE BIT
HERE TO SEE IF YOU CAN GET BACK
IN.
THAT WOULD BE HELPFUL.
OK, THANK YOU FOR LETTING US
KNOW AND I KNOW
LIKE THIS THAT
GAIL I WHICH I JUST WANT TO TRY
TO HELP RIGHT.
BE RIGHT BACK.
HAVE SOMEONE DIALING IN NOW NO
ENDING IN ONE BEFORE IT COULD
BE EVERYONE NO WAIT OR THAT
SHOULD BE MR. MUTA THEN LET ME
GIVE YOU
HELLO.
WE HEAR YOU ALL RIGHT.
BEFORE EIGHT O'CLOCK IS RIGHT
AND THE QUESTION BY THE
THE THE
CODE CITATIONS THAT ARE IN OUR
PACKET THE TWENTY SEVEN HUNDRED
SERIES IS FROM THE FIRE CODE .
THE POI THE BUILDING CODE .
YEAH LET
THIS IS YOUR NEXT
BUILDING CODE .
IT WOULD NOT BE FIRE MY FIRST
FIRE CODE COMES OUT OF CHAPTER
SIX SO OK SO THAT WAS THE
REFERENCE TO THE CROSS
REFERENCE IF I FIRE SO ONE
QUESTION SO WE'RE LOOKING AT A
PAGE THAT DESCRIBES WHAT IS
NECESSARY FOR STANDBY IN
EMERGENCY POWER THINGS LIKE LOW
TRANSFER, LOW DURATION
UNINTERRUPTIBLE POWER SOURCE AT
THE TWENTY SEVEN TO PROVISION
OF A PROVISIONS FOR STANDBY AN
EMERGENCY POWER.
I GUESS MY QUESTION IS IF YOU
GO AHEAD AND PUT IN A PORTABLE
GENERATOR AND HAVE TO TRY TO
FUNCTION OR FUNCTION AS A
PERMANENT EMERGENCY GENERATOR,
WILL THAT ARRANGEMENT MEET ALL
THE PROVISIONS OF THE CODE OR
ARE THERE CERTAIN KEY
EXCEPTIONS THAT IT CAN'T
SATISFY ALL THE AND THEN I'D
LIKE TO TALK ABOUT AGAIN JUST
KIND OF GO BACK TO GETTING
WE'RE NOT INSTALLING A
GENERATOR AND A PERMANENT NO,
NO, NO.
I UNDERSTAND THAT EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME.
I I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE NOT
PROPOSING TO DO THAT IS A
PERMANENT THING.
I'M JUST SAYING THAT IF YOU'RE
YOU
IF YOU'RE USING IT AS IF IT
WAS AN EMERGENCY, A PERMANENT
EMERGENCY GENERATOR, WILL THAT
ARRANGEMENT MEET ALL THE
PROVISIONS THAT ARE LISTED IN
THE CODE AS FAR AS THE
CAPABILITY TO DO LOAD TRANSFER,
LOW DURATION?
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT GOING TO
DETAIL THEM ALL OUT HERE BUT
WILL IT DO THE SAME EXACT THING
UNTIL THE PERMANENT ONE IS IN
PLACE IF YOU CAN GET THAT AND
OF COURSE WIRE THE GENERATOR
TYPICALLY BETWEEN YES.
THE GENERATOR IS CONNECTED IN
THE LINE POWER CONNECTIONS IN
THE EXACT SAME WAY AS THE
PERMANENT.
SO EVERYTHING THAT WAS SERVED
BY EMERGENCY SYSTEMS WITH THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR IS ALSO
SERVED BY THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR.
IT'S THE THE THE CHANGE IS
RIGHT AT THE SOURCE OF POWER.
SO THE PORTABLE GENERATOR
CABINET IS THE SAME CABINET
THAT THE PERMANENT GENERATOR
WAS CONNECTED TO AND THE
TEMPORARY TEMPORARY GENERATORS
CONNECTED TO AND IF YOU HAVE A
GENERATOR THE MANUAL SWITCH
WILL BE SET IN PERMANENT ONE
AND THEN IT WILL GO FROM THERE
TO THE BUILDING AND GO THROUGH
THE EMERGENCY SERVICES.
IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE
PERMANENT GENERATOR OR IT'S NOT
THERE THEN THE PORTABLE
GENERATOR CABINET SELECTIONS
CHANGE TO THE TEMPORARY SIDE
AND THE POWER ON STATIC
TEMPORARY GENERATOR IT GOES
THROUGH THINGS THAT SAME WIRING
TO ALL THE EXACT SAME LEVELS
AND THEREFORE IT IT'S CAPABLE
OF THE ARRANGEMENT, THE INTERIM
ARRANGEMENT THAT YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT IS CAPABLE OF RESPONDING
AS QUICKLY AND AS EFFICIENTLY
AS IF IT WAS A PERMANENT SYSTEM
.
YES.
THANK YOU
.
WE'D LIKE TO HELP THAT
HOW MANY UNITS ON THE FIRST AND
SECOND FLOOR YOU'RE OCCUPYING
NOW?
I MEAN DOING IT AND I'M TO IT
AND I WOULD LIKE TO HOW MANY
UNITS WHICH WERE FIRST AND
SECOND.
YEAH I KNOW BUT
IT COULD BE ONE
IN THE FIRST QUARTER AND
CLARIFY SOMETHING I SAID
EARLIER THAT WE DID THE MATH
INCORRECTLY AND HOURS
OF OPERATION THAT FOLLOWED
TWENTY FOUR WE HAVE TO REFILL
THE GENERATOR EVERY TWENTY FOUR
IF IT'S RUNNING AT FULL
CAPACITY IF IT WERE TO OK IT
WOULDN'T BE THAT WOULD BE DONE
THAT WOULD BE THE ABSOLUTE ONE
TODAY IF THAT WERE
WITHOUT THE
ENUNCIATORS AND SOMETHING
SHOULD OCCUR WITH THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR ON A WEEKEND THING
AND YOU'RE NOT OCCUPY THE SITE
HOW HOW SOON WOULD YOU FIND OUT
YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
AREA?
CAN YOU PLEASE RESPOND?
I BELIEVE IT'S JUST A QUESTION
IN TERMS OF THAT I WOULD LIKE
TO TEMPORARILY GENERAL SEVEN
RIGHT NOW I COULD GIVE YOU A
REALLY TIME.
SURE.
YES.
IT WOULD BE THE SAME HOW MANY
PEOPLE WERE THERE AND OPERATING
ON THE WEEKEND AND FOR SOME
REASON IT DIDN'T WORK OUT FOR
AND THEN IT WASN'T OPERATING ON
A POWER LIKE THE LIGHTS IN THE
CORRIDOR AND THE NORMAL
COMMUNICATION FROM THE BUILDING
WOULD BE EITHER WOULD OR THERE
IS SOME SORT OF SUPERVISORY OR
OTHER NOTIFICATION ON AND THEN
ONE OF OUR MAINTENANCE GUYS YOU
TYPICALLY GET THE NOTIFICATIONS
FROM FROM TIME TO TIME WE GET
ON THE COMPUTER.
THAT'S HOW IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
NIGHT, YOU KNOW, MORNING CRACK
STAFF PHYSICALLY ON WOULD BE
THE SCENE ANYWAY THAT HELPS US
ASK FOR CLARIFICATION.
QUESTION WAS WAS THEN QUESTION
IF THE GENERATOR IS RUNNING AND
THERE'S AN ISSUE OR IF THE
GENERATOR IS SITTING ON STANDBY
BECAUSE THE MOMENT CAMERAS ARE
I WAS TRYING TO EXPLAIN WHAT
WOULD HAPPEN IF THE TEMPORARY
GENERATOR ON WAS CONNECTED TO
THE BUILDING AND EVERYTHING AND
IT DOES I HAVE A PETER THERE
AND SOMETHING HAPPENED.
HOW WOULD THAT A PERMANENT
GENERATOR WAS THERE AND IT HAD
TO THE PANEL WENT TO THE REMOTE
AND PETER REDWAN, YOU CORRECT
ME IF I'M WRONG BUT I BELIEVE
THAT PANEL IS GOING TO BE IN
WHICH IS, YOU KNOW, ROUGHLY 40
OR 50 FEET FROM WHERE THESE
GENERATORS ARE.
BUT IT IS A BACK AND HOPEFULLY
THE OF IMAGE THAT I REMEMBER
IT'S A REAL PANEL THAT SOMEONE
COULD WALK UP AND LOOK AT IT
AND UNDERSTAND THE STANDARD
GENERATOR.
BUT IT'S NOT ONLY OPEN, IT
DOESN'T ACTUALLY WORK.
IF I REMEMBER CORRECTLY DOESN'T
REALLY COMPETE WITH THE
STANDARD WITH PANEL.
LOOK AT THAT.
THAT'S CORRECT.
YEAH.
THAT WAS THAT WAS THAT WAS WHY
I WAS ASKING THE QUESTION DO WE
HAVE TO BE GOING TO HAVE TO
KEEP SEEING LIKE GENERATOR WITH
OPERATING BEING OVERLOADED WITH
IT EITHER WAY I MEAN I DON'T
KNOW THE THERE'D BE A LACK
OF POWER TO THE FIRE ALARM OR
WHATEVER YOU KNOW LIKE THERE
WOULD BE NOTIFICATION OF EVERY
ONE OF THOSE FAILURES.
YEP.
THANK YOU
.
IT WAS MENTIONED THAT THIS
ARRANGEMENT WAS INTENDED TO BE
A SHORT TERM BRIDGE AND
CONSERVATIVELY THAT I'M
CONSERVATIVELY MEANING WHICH
WAY CONSERVA LEANS BUT THAT THE
THING THE PERMANENT GENERATOR
WOULD BE INSTALLED BY OCTOBER .
WHAT IF THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN?
SO THAT IS CORRECT.
WE COULD SHORT TERM BRIDGE WHEN
I THAT WOULD HELP THE DAY THEY
GAVE YOU A CALL OR WE HOPE TO
BUT LIKE I SAID EARLIER I CAN'T
STOP WORK IF IT TOOK LONGER
THAN WE WOULD CONTINUE TO HAVE
THIS THIS ARRANGEMENT IN PLACE
BUT AGAIN TO ONE ON THAT IT
DOESN'T MATTER IS IT BEING
BROUGHT OUT?
IT'S ACTUALLY BEING DEALT WITH
A HIGHER LEVEL OF NOT JUST THE
CONTRACTOR BUT ALSO COMPANY.
SO THERE'S A LOT AT STAKE HERE
.
WE UNDERSTAND THAT THE
SITUATION NEEDS TO BE REMEDIED
AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE AND THEY
UNDERSTAND THAT WELL.
SO WE'RE DOING EVERYTHING WE
POSSIBLY CAN TO MAKE THIS A
SHORTER PERIOD AS POSSIBLE.
BUT AGAIN, WE WANT TO IMPROVE
ON THE DENHA THE BRIGADE IS
INTENDED TO BE CONSIDERED
AND
THE QUESTIONS
NOW ARE GOING TO
BE WATCHING.
OK, I'M OK WITH IT.
IN THE CASE OF BEEBER 22 DASH
2004 THE APPEAL OF THE BUILDING
OFFICIALS DECISION THAT THE
WORK PERFORMED ELEVEN HUNDRED
BROADWAY IS GRANTED RELIEF FROM
ARTICLE SEVEN HUNDRED POINT
THREE OF THE 2006 NATIONAL
ELECTRICAL BUILDING BOARD
OF APPEALS VERSUS THE BUILDING
BUSINESS DECISION
FOR THE
REASONS NUMBER THREE THE
APPLICANT HAS PROPOSED A
TEMPORARY EQUAL FORM
OF CONSTRUCTION WITH A
STIPULATION THAT THIS IS
INTENDED TO BE A SHORT TERM
BRIDGE AND WITH THE ASSURANCE
THAT THE INTERIM TEMPORARY
SYSTEM WILL BE AS EFFECTIVE AND
AS RESPONSIVE AS IF IT WAS THE
PERMANENT CODE MANDATED
EMERGENCY GENERATOR AND ON THE
MOTION JUST ONE SHOULD WE PUT A
TIME LIMIT ON?
WELL, FROM WHAT I HEARD THAT
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE IT'S
POSSIBLE.
I MEAN SO LET'S SAY YOU PUT A
TIME LIMIT ON OF FOUR OR FIVE
MONTHS THEN WHAT?
YOU CAN HAVE THEM COME BACK
THOUGH AND GIVE US AN UPDATE.
I GUESS THEY WOULD BE THAT
WOULD BE OK IF THEY DON'T HAVE
THEY DON'T HAVE THE GENERATOR
BY THE END OF SEPTEMBER.
WE WANT TO REPORT THE STATUS
OF IT SO THEY WILL AND I DON'T
THINK THAT THEY NEED TO GIVE US
AN UPDATE.
WHAT YOU SAID WOULD GIVE THE
DEPARTMENT NOTHING US FOR
FURTHER ENFORCEMENT AND I'M
JUST ASKING COULD WE HAVE
CLARIFICATION ON THE FUNCTION
HOW IT'S SUPPOSED TO FUNCTION
IN THAT TIME FRAME AS PART
OF THE OK SO I'LL TRY BUT I'M
JUST I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S FINE.
UM, THAT'S A GOOD POINT.
SO AS AN AMENDMENT TO THE
STIPULATION THAT THE GRANTING
OF THIS APPEAL IS SUBJECT TO
BEING REVISITED BY OCTOBER OF
TWENTY TWENTY THREE AND THAT
THE APPLICANT WILL PROVIDE
A
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE
FUNCTIONING OF THE SYSTEM THAT
WILL ALLOW FOR THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT TO APPROVE A I'M
SORRY YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
ENFORCEMENT.
I'M SO I GUESS I'M JUST LOOKING
FOR CLARIFICATION.
HOW IS IT HOW DOES THE
GENERATOR NEED TO FUNCTION AS A
PERMANENT AS NEW TO FUNCTION AS
THE PERMANENT GENERATOR?
WELL OK.
THAT WOULD MEET THE COMPLIANCE
OF ALL YOUR FRIENDS OF SECTION
TWENTY SEVEN OR TO BE SENSITIVE
AS A TEMPORARY GENERATOR OR
IT'S A WHILE I HAD THOUGHT I
HAD IT IN THERE BUT OK SO AS A
FURTHER AMENDMENT TO THE
STIPULATIONS THAT THIS INTERIM
ARRANGEMENT WILL COMPLY WITH
ALL THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE
IBISES TWENTY FIFTEEN SECTION
TWENTY SEVEN HUNDRED OR TWO
PROVISIONS
.
YEAH I JUST I I GUESS THERE IS
QUESTION ABOUT HOW THE
TEMPORARY GENERATOR IS GOING TO
FUNCTION AND HERMINATOR
PERMANENT ONE WOULD AND THAT
THAT'S SORT WERE THE EXCEPTION
THE THE EXCEPTION THAT THEY
WERE LOOKING FOR SO I JUST I
DON'T I DON'T KNOW HOW TO
CLEARLY I GUESS KNOW WHAT WE'RE
LOOKING FOR IN FUNCTIONALITY
OF THE GENERATOR.
WELL I GUESS THE THE
STIPULATION THAT I PUT A MOTION
THAT IT WILL BE AS EFFECTIVE AS
AND AS A RESPONSE IT IS AS IF
IT WAS A PERMANENT
CODE MANDATED FIXED EMERGENCY
GENERATOR.
SO IN OTHER WORDS, THE
EXPLANATION WE HAD EARLIER IN
THE MEETING WAS THAT THIS
ARRANGEMENT WAS GOING TO
FUNCTION EXACTLY LIKE A
PERMANENT GENERATOR WITH THE
THE ONE ENUNCIATION ISSUE NOT
BEING CAPABLE OF BEING RESOLVED
WITH AND WITH A FURTHER
UNDERSTANDING THAT THIS IS NOT
TAKING THE PLACE OF THE
ULTIMATE EMERGENCY GENERATOR
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE THEIR
FIXED EMERGENCY GENERATORS ARE
SUPPOSED TO BE THERE.
IS THAT YEAH.
THIS IS RIGHT AND I DON'T I
DON'T I MIGHT BE OUT OF ORDER
HERE.
I CAN'T I'M NOT REALLY IN
AGREEMENT BUT I'M IN THE SPIRIT
OF TRYING TO HELP THEM COME UP
WITH A SOLUTION.
ULTIMATELY THIS IS GRANTED THAT
WE DON'T END UP IN A PROBLEM
WHERE WE'RE ABLE TO BUILD INTO
WHAT COULD I CAN I WOULD WOULD
I GET TO GO AHEAD TO ERIC ERIC
?
I DO TOO.
I THINK WE CAN I THINK WE'RE
ALL GOING TO HAVE TO WORK
TOWARD A SOLUTION HERE SO ERIC
,HEARING WHAT I DON'T KNOW
SPEAKING BUT HEARING THE
COMMISSIONERS QUESTION AND
HEARING WILL LIKE I THINK WE'RE
TRYING TO ESTABLISH IF THIS
WERE A WHILE YOU KNOW, WHAT ARE
THE IMPLICATIONS IN TERMS
OF THE PERFORMANCE CONTINUES TO
BE IN TERMS OF THE TYPICALLY
THE GRANULAR THAT WE CAN ALL
HOLCOMB'S THAT WE'RE NOT YOU
KNOW, WE GET SOME KIND
OF RELIEF TODAY AND INSTANTLY
DEBATING WHAT THAT MEANT.
BUT THERE WAS YES, I THINK IT
WE WE NEED TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
THE TEMPLE WHEN IT'S CONNECTED
TO THE QUARTERBACK CAN IS
CONNECTED IN EXACTLY THE SAME
MEDIUM AS THIS INDIVIDUAL.
SO IN TERMS OF THE POWER FLOW
TO SYSTEMS, TO EMERGENCY
SYSTEMS, WHETHER IT'S THE FIRE
PUMP, THE ELEVATOR, THE
EMERGENCY POWER FLOW IS EXACTLY
THE SAME BECAUSE ALL STARTS
WITH THE GENERATOR CAN WHETHER
IT'S THE TEMPORARY OR THE
PERMANENT BOTH CONNECTED
THROUGH THAT CAN FLOW INTO THE
BUILDING TO THE TRANSMISSION IN
EXACTLY THE SAME WAY.
SO I THINK IT'S YOU KNOWLEDGE
THAT THEN THE THE APPROVAL
WOULD WOULD NEED TIME TO THE AC
SEVEN POINTS REALLY WHICH IS
THE CODE SECTION THAT ADDRESSES
THIS SITUATION IF THE IS UNABLE
TO PERFORM THEN YOU HAVE A
TEMPORARY GENERATOR CONNECTED
TO A TOWARD THE CENTER AND THE
ADDED SUGGEST THAT WE TIED TO
THAT AND THAT'S THE CODE FOR
YOU TO TO GET WHAT TRYING TO
YOU HAVE AN DO.
SO I HAVE LET ME TRY TO ADD ONE
MORE PIECE TO IT.
SO WE'RE I WROTE I SAID IT WAS
THE UM AS RESPONSIVE AS IF IT
WAS A PERMANENT CODE MANDATED
FIXED EMERGENCY GENERATOR
CONFORMING TO AND THE
PROVISIONS OF AN E C SEVEN
HUNDRED POINT THREE F YES.
A SECOND THE MOTION SECOND.
SO FOR THE JURY TO PASS WE HAVE
FOUR BOARD MEMBERS HERE.
WE NEED THESE THREE VOTES FOR
YOU FOLKS ARE CLEAR ON THE
STIPULATIONS BECAUSE THERE WAS
A LOT OF THERE WAS A MOTION AND
THERE IS HE STARTED A SECOND
THEN THERE ARE SOME THINGS
LATER.
SO DEB, ARE YOU CLEAR ON WHAT
THE RECORD THE RECORD IS GOING
TO REFLECT WITH RESPECT TO THE
MOTION UNLESS BOB IS READY TO
READ IT AGAIN, I'M GOING TO
HAVE TO REVIEW I HAVE TO REVIEW
THEAPE TO PUT IT ALL TOGETHER
AND SEND IT OUT AND SEE IF IT
READS AS YOU STIPULATED IT.
YOU KNOW, I'M NOT SURE
EVERYTHING'S WRITTEN DOWN OR I
CAN HAVE IT FOR YOU THIS
AFTERNOON UNLESS YOU HAVE YOU
COULD YEAH.
COULD YOU DO THAT BECAUSE I
CAN'T DO MUCH BETTER WITH THAT
AND TRYING TO RE VISIT MY
CHICKEN SCRATCHES HERE SO IT'S
OK AND WE REVIEW IT THIS
AFTERNOON AND SEND IT OUT OUR
SO WE CAN HAVE A VOTE OR HELD
OUR BEFORE THIS MOTION WAS
BELIEVED TO BE WHAT WE BELIEVE
IT TO BE.
YES.
SHOULD I READ THIS AGAIN?
I THINK IT'S A VERY I SO I
THINK WE UNDERSTAND WHAT'S IN
THERE.
SO THE ESSENCE OF THE OF THE
THE APPEAL WAS THAT THEY ARE
PROPOSING SOMETHING PER ITEM
THREE THAT IS A A A TEMPORARY
EQUAL FORM OF CONSTRUCTION WITH
THE STIPULATION THAT THIS IS
INTENDED TO BE A SHORT TERM
BRIDGE AND WITH THE ASSURANCE
THAT THE INTERIM TEMPORARY
SYSTEM WILL BE AS EFFECTIVE AS
RESPONSIVE AS IF IT WAS THE
PERMANENT CODE MANDATED FIXED
EMERGENCY GENERATION
INSTALLATION CONFORMING TO ANY
C SEVEN HUNDRED POINT THREE F
AND THAT THIS APPEAL AND THE
PROGRESS TOWARDS SOLUTION WOULD
BE REVISITED BY OCTOBER TWENTY
TWENTY THREE FIRST OR YEAH.
THANK YOU.
SO LET ME HAVE A SECOND ON THAT
IN THE SECOND IS STILL FANS SO
THAT MEANS SEPTEMBER 30 FIRST
BECAUSE YOU SAID BY OCTOBER SO
SEPTEMBER IS BY OCTOBER OCTOBER
IS NOT BY OCTOBER SO YOU MIGHT
WANT TO CLARIFY
THAT SO THAT
THERE'S DEMPSEY AND HIS
ELECTRICIAN HERE AND THERE.
EVERYONE'S CLEAR ON WHAT THAT
DATE IS.
I'M NOT TRYING TO PUSH FOR ONE
OR THE OTHER A GOOD POINT
EXCUSE ME JUST THE TIME I'M NOT
OUT OF ORDER.
I MEAN THE OTHERS INVOLVED IS
BY THE END OF OCTOBER THEY HAVE
DELIVERED BEFORE THEN.
SO DELIVERED IT AT ALL BY THE
END OF OCTOBER AND I BELIEVE TO
PROVIDE ONE INTERIM UPDATE THAT
I HAVE NO PROBLEM GOING DOWN IN
THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT OR THE
ACTUAL FORMAL MEETING YOU
TESTIFY.
YOU JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT WE'VE
DONE.
SO YOU'RE HAPPY ABOUT OH ABOUT
THE OCTOBER OR OCTOBER OCTOBER
IF WE DON'T HAVE IT BY THEN YOU
WANT AN UPDATE DON'T IN
PROVIDING UPDATED I THINK WHAT
I'M CALENDAR OCTOBER IF IT'S
NOT INSTALLED BY THE TIME BE AT
THE MEETING THAT I READ ABOUT
EXPLANATION OF EXACTLY THE THE
OCTOBER MEETING IS SCHEDULED
FOR THE NINETEEN
SEPTEMBER
THESE GUYS HAVE TO SAY
OK DO I
HAVE TO SAY ANY MORE.
I DON'T THINK SO.
I WE HAVE AND I'M SAYING THAT
WE WANT TO HAVE AN UPDATE BY
THE BY THE OCTOBER 19TH BEFORE
THE SCHEDULED OCTOBER 19TH
MEETING YOU MR. STONE OPERATE
MORE THAN WE WERE UP.
WE ARE NOT HAPPY BY THE
SO
THOSE IN FAVOR OF THE MOTION I
DIDN'T HAVE A SECOND I DIDN'T
HAVE ANY SENSE OF AFTER ALL.
YEAH YEAH YEAH.
SOMETHING TAYLOR I THREE
POSITIVE THOSE AGAINST OK ALL
RIGHT THE MOTION IS GRANTED
YOUR THANK YOU VERY MUCH VERY
MUCH
WITH ME HERE ALL SET WITH
APPLICANTS.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
.
THAT'S YOU.
YOU DO YOUR BUSINESS COME AGAIN
AND YOU HAVE DO BUSINESS BEFORE
YOU CLOSE UP SO DO YOU WANT TO
SEND ME THAT THIS AFTERNOON
JUST FROM LASCOE OVER.
YEAH OK AND JUST A QUICK
QUESTION TO THE ATTORNEY AM I
ALLOWED TO DO ANY EDITS ON THAT
OR I HAVE TO I HAVE TO BE
REALLY CLOSE TO THE WORDING
THAT'S IN THERE.
YEAH, SHE'S GOING THE PROBLEM
IS THAT THERE WAS A MOTION
THERE WASN'T AN IMMEDIATE
CIRCUIT THEN THERE WAS
DISCUSSION AND THEN MIKE
LEMIEUX CHIMED IN AND THEN RON
MUKA CHIMED IN BUT NONE OF WHOM
HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO MODIFY
IT.
I MEAN YOU MIGHT WANT TO HEAR
FROM THEM DURING COMMENT AND
THEN THERE WAS AN AMENDMENT OR
AN ATTEMPTED AMENDMENT BUT THEN
IT DIDN'T FLY AND THEN THERE
WAS A LATER AMENDMENT.
SO IT'S PRETTY MURKY.
SO IT'S POTENTIALLY MURKY.
I THINK THAT I MEAN THAT IS A
HECK OF A JOB GOING THROUGH IT
AND LISTENING TO IT WELL THAT
THAT DIDN'T HAVE LEGS IN THAT
KIND OF WENT AWAY AND THEN THIS
DID SO I THINK WE'RE GOING TO
BE OK BUT IF IT'S NOT WHAT YOU
SAID, IF IT'S WHAT YOU SAID,
IT'S WHAT YOU SAID SO SO YOU
KNOW SO I SHOULD KEEP IT MORE
TO YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT WHAT YOU
MACKLE FLOW RATHER THAN CONTENT
I'M SORRY SHE KEEP IT MORE
TOWARD THE GRAMMATICAL END
OF THINGS AND NOT TOWARD
CHANGING CONTENT OR IMPLYING
YEAH DON'T YEAH DON'T CHANGE IT
YOU CAN'T CHANGE.
WELL I MEANT THIS I SHOULD SAID
THIS ON SECOND THOUGHT YOU KNOW
WE'RE LOCKED IN RIGHT NOW WHICH
IS WHY IF IT WERE IN WRITING
WOULD BE EASIER TO TO TO TO
MAKE SURE WE ALL KNOW WHAT IT
IS
GOING TO YOU'RE GOING TO
COPY IT.
YEP.
OK TO DO BUSINESS ANYBODY FROM
THE BUSINESS I'M LOOKING FOR IN
GERMAN AND TO A GERMAN WAS A
PAPER I BOUGHT GERMAN